docs: Add missing Filter page to Groovy documentation (#7504)
deephaven/deephaven-core: docs/groovy/how-to-guides/use-filters.md

In the following example, a conjunctive filter is applied to the `iris` table to produce a new table of only Iris setosa flowers with a petal length in a specific range.

```groovy test-set=1 order=conjunctiveFilteredIris
conjunctiveFilteredIris = iris.where("Class in `Iris-setosa`", "PetalLengthCM >= 1.3 && PetalLengthCM <= 1.6")
```

### Disjunctive

Disjunctive filtering is used to return a table where _one or more_ of the statements return `true`. This can be achieved using the `||` operator in a [`where`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where.md) statement, or by passing multiple filter strings as separate parameters to [`where`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where.md).

In the following example, two filters work disjunctively to return a new table where the petal length is greater than 1.9 cm or the petal width is less than 1.3 cm.

```groovy test-set=1 order=orFilteredIris,irisWhereMultiple
orFilteredIris = iris.where("PetalLengthCM > 1.9 || PetalWidthCM < 1.3")

> irisWhereMultiple = iris.where("PetalLengthCM > 1.9", "PetalWidthCM < 1.3")

Reviewer: The second one is broken, you need to use whereOneOf.

When performing regex filtering with `FilterPattern`, the filters are applied with a specific pattern mode. Two pattern modes are available:

- `FIND` looks for a subsequence match in the string.
- `MATCHES` matches an entire string against the given pattern.

The following code block performs regular expression filtering on the `iris` table with both pattern modes. The first finds strings that are eleven characters long, whereas the second looks for the subsequence `virginica` in the `Class` column:

```groovy test-set=1 order=irisElevenChars,irisVirginica
import io.deephaven.api.filter.FilterPattern
import java.util.regex.Pattern

filterElevenChars = FilterPattern.of(ColumnName.of("Class"), Pattern.compile("..........."), FilterPattern.Mode.MATCHES, false)
filterRegexMatch = FilterPattern.of(ColumnName.of("Class"), Pattern.compile("virginica"), FilterPattern.Mode.FIND, false)

irisElevenChars = iris.where(filterElevenChars)
irisVirginica = iris.where(filterRegexMatch)
```

## Combine filters

> Multiple match and/or conditional statements can be combined to filter data in a table. These combinations can be either conjunctive or disjunctive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can combine multiple match and/or conditional statements to filter data in a table. These combinations can be either conjunctive or disjunctive.
```

> [!TIP]
> Unlike [`naturalJoin`](../reference/table-operations/join/natural-join.md), [`whereIn`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where-in.md) can be used when there is more than one matching value in the right table for values in the left table. This is true of [`join`](../reference/table-operations/join/join.md) as well, but [`whereIn`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where.md) is faster at returning matching rows than [`join`](../reference/table-operations/join/join.md).
>
> [`whereIn`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where-in.md) only provides filtering and does not allow columns to be added from the right table. In some cases, it may be desirable to use [`whereIn`](../reference/table-operations/filter/where-in.md) to filter and then [`join`](../reference/table-operations/join/join.md) to add columns from the right table. This provides similar performance to [`naturalJoin`](../reference/table-operations/join/natural-join.md) while still allowing matches from the right table.

## Filter by row position

> Filtering by row position removes unwanted data at the beginning, middle, or end of a table. Row positions can be specified as absolute values or as a percentage of the total table size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Filtering by row position removes unwanted data at the beginning, middle, or end of a table. You can specify row positions as absolute values or as a percentage of the total table size.
```
